Introduction
Section 1
Traditional computing model
Cloud computing model
Cloud service models
IaaS
PaaS
SaaS
Use cases
Cloud computing deployment models
Similarities
Section 1 key takeaways
Section 2
#1 advantage
#2 advantage
#3 advantage
#4 advantage
#5 advantage
#6 advantage
Section 2 key takeaways
Section 3
3 ways to interact with AWS
AWS Management Console
AWS Command Line Interface
Software development kits
Section 3 key takeaways
Section 4
Business perspective
People perspective
Governance perspective
Platform perspective
Security perspective
Operations perspective
Section 4 key takeaways
Summary